# pack images into a pdf

If you have a bunch of images that you want to convert into a pdf file, you might be interested in imggroup2pdf, a command line application that does exactly that.

Imggroup2pdf is a Python script that takes a set of images and packages them into a pdf, making use of rst2pdf, a tool that converts reStructuredText documents into pdfs. The script also shows the result directly to stdout, so you can preview it or pipe it to another program.

To use imggroup2pdf, you need to have Python 3 and git installed on your system. You can install Imggroup2pdf with pip:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/kevin4rb200116/imggroup2pdf.git
```

You can run the script with the following syntax:

```sh
imggroup2pdf image1 image2 image3 ...
```

You can specify as many images as you want, as long as they have the same size and format. The script will create a pdf file with one image per page, in the same order as you provided them. The pdf file will be sent to stdout, so you can redirect it to a file or another program. For example, if you want to save the pdf file as output.pdf, you can run:

```sh
imggroup2pdf image1 image2 image3 ... > output.pdf
```

If you want to open the pdf file with your default viewer, you can run:

```sh
imggroup2pdf image1 image2 image3 ... | xdg-open -
```

The script has some limitations that you should be aware of. First, it does not support images with different sizes or formats. If you provide such images, the script will raise an exception and exit. Second, it does not allow you to customize the pdf output, such as adding margins, headers, footers, or page numbers. The pdf file will have the same dimensions as the images and no other elements. Third, it does not handle errors or exceptions gracefully. If something goes wrong, the script will print a traceback and exit.

Imggroup2pdf is a simple and handy tool for converting images into pdf files. It is not meant to be a full-fledged pdf generator, but rather a quick and easy way to package images into a single file. If you need more features or flexibility, you might want to look for other solutions. However, if you just need a basic and fast way to create pdf files from images, imggroup2pdf might be what you are looking for.

Note: this description was generated by an AI.
